examples/private-cluster-cl/README.md, before:

# Simple k8s cluster on private network


- [Simple k8s cluster](#simple-k8s-cluster)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Run it](#run-it)
    
## Install terraform

You can information on how to install terraform [here](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/install.html)

## Configuration
1. Copy variable file

There is an example of var file `terraform.tfvars.sample`.

Copy it under the name `terraform.tfvars` (this allow terraform to autoload those variables)

2. Create a public cloud project on OVH

Follow the [official documentation](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/public-cloud/getting_started_with_public_cloud_logging_in_and_creating_a_project/).

You will need to create an Openstack user. You can do so in the "Openstack" part of you cloud project. 

You add to source your openstack configuration file. You can generate this file for you user in OVH manager (Use the user contextual menu). 

```bash
# Source openrc.sh
$ source openrc.sh
Please enter your OpenStack Password: 

```

3. Create or reuse ssh key pair. Carreful this keypair should not be using passphrase !

```bash
# Generate a new keypair without passphrase
$ ssh-keygen -f terraform_ssh_key -q -N ""
```

If you generate a new keypair, put its path in `terraform.tfvars` under variable `public_sshkey`.

## Run it

```bash
$ terraform init
Initializing modules...
- module.network
- module.kube
[...]
Terraform has been successfully initialized!

$ terraform apply
[...]
helper = Your kubernetes cluster is up.

You can connect in one of the instances:

    $ ssh -J core@<ip-bastion> core@<ip>

Check your etcd cluster:

    $ /opt/etcd/bin/etcdctl --ca-file /opt/etcd/certs/ca.pem --cert-file /opt/etcd/certs/cert.pem --key-file /opt/etcd/certs/cert-key.pem --endpoints https://54.36.112.50:2379 member list


Check your k8s cluster:

    $ sudo /opt/k8s/bin/kubectl --kubeconfig /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf get nodes

Run a pod:

    $ ...

Enjoy!
```

This should give you an infra with :

- 3 kubernetes host in a private network.

Commit message:

Update readme with ssh agent

examples/private-cluster-cl/README.md, after:

# Simple k8s cluster on private network


- [Simple k8s cluster](#simple-k8s-cluster)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Run it](#run-it)
    
## Install terraform

You can information on how to install terraform [here](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/install.html)

## Configuration
1. Copy variable file

There is an example of var file `terraform.tfvars.sample`.

Copy it under the name `terraform.tfvars` (this allow terraform to autoload those variables)

2. Create a public cloud project on OVH

Follow the [official documentation](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/public-cloud/getting_started_with_public_cloud_logging_in_and_creating_a_project/).

You will need to create an Openstack user. You can do so in the "Openstack" part of you cloud project. 

You add to source your openstack configuration file. You can generate this file for you user in OVH manager (Use the user contextual menu). 

```bash
# Source openrc.sh
$ source openrc.sh
Please enter your OpenStack Password: 

```

3. Create or reuse ssh key pair. Carreful this keypair should not be using passphrase !

```bash
# Generate a new keypair without passphrase
$ ssh-keygen -f terraform_ssh_key -q -N ""
```

If you generate a new keypair, put its path in `terraform.tfvars` under variable `public_sshkey` and add it to your ssh-agent:
```bash
$ ssh-add terraform_ssh_key
```

## Run it

```bash
$ terraform init
Initializing modules...
- module.network
- module.kube
[...]
Terraform has been successfully initialized!

$ terraform apply
[...]
helper = Your kubernetes cluster is up.

You can connect in one of the instances:

    $ ssh -J core@<ip-bastion> core@<ip>

Check your etcd cluster:

    $ /opt/etcd/bin/etcdctl --ca-file /opt/etcd/certs/ca.pem --cert-file /opt/etcd/certs/cert.pem --key-file /opt/etcd/certs/cert-key.pem --endpoints https://54.36.112.50:2379 member list


Check your k8s cluster:

    $ sudo /opt/k8s/bin/kubectl --kubeconfig /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf get nodes

Run a pod:

    $ ...

Enjoy!
```

This should give you an infra with :

- 3 kubernetes host in a private network.
